README.md, before:

# retrogame-db-python-api

This is just a personal project where I'm making an API for a retro video game themed database using FastAPI with PyMySQL.

#### Install:

To run this project on your locally, first clone the repo and enter the folder in your terminal. Now setup a VENV with the command:

```
python -m venv venv
```

After that has been created activate the virtual environment by typing in your terminal:

```
venv\Scripts\activate
```

Now to install the project dependencies type:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Now create a file called ".env" at the root of the project and inside the file add:

```
MYSQL_HOST="(your MySQL hostname)"
MYSQL_USER="(your MySQL username)"
MYSQL_PASSWORD="(your MySQL password)"
MYSQL_DATABASE="(the MySQL database that you want to use)"
JWT_SECRET_KEY="(generate with command: openssl rand -hex 32)"
JWT_REFRESH_SECRET_KEY="(generate with command: openssl rand -hex 32)"
```

When everything has been done, we can start the server with:

```
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```

<hr>
#### Features

-   []

<hr>

##### Tools and technologies used:

-   Python
-   FastAPI
-   PyMySQL

Commit message:

started fixing single element arguments that aren't being passed as a tuple for various routes

README.md, after:

# retrogame-db-python-api

This is a project where I'm making an API for a retro video game themed database using FastAPI with PyMySQL. The goal is to test and showcase the Python and MySQL knowledge that I have gained.

#### Install:

To run this project on your locally, first clone the repo and enter the folder in your terminal. Now setup a VENV with the command:

```
python -m venv venv
```

After that has been created activate the virtual environment by typing in your terminal:

```
venv\Scripts\activate
```

Now to install the project dependencies type:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Now create a file called ".env" at the root of the project and inside the file add:

```
MYSQL_HOST="(your MySQL hostname)"
MYSQL_USER="(your MySQL username)"
MYSQL_PASSWORD="(your MySQL password)"
MYSQL_DATABASE="(the MySQL database that you want to use)"
JWT_SECRET_KEY="(generate with command: openssl rand -hex 32)"
JWT_REFRESH_SECRET_KEY="(generate with command: openssl rand -hex 32)"
```

When everything has been done, we can start the server with:

```
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```

<hr>
#### Features

-   []

<hr>

##### Tools and technologies used:

-   Python
-   FastAPI
-   PyMySQL
